To add a Note - To enable Watermark under meeting Policies (#9773)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/create-custom-meeting-template.md

Once the template has been created, it may take up to 24 hours to be available to your users.

> [!NOTE] Ensure the watermark is enabled under Meeting Policies. Enable Watermarks ([watermark-meeting-content-video.md](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness/blob/523374d0d5165fedc8f691ccc6786ab4d67e42d9/Teams/watermark-meeting-content-video.md))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> Ensure the watermark is enabled under Meeting Policies. For more information about enabling watermarks, see [Require a watermark for sensitive Teams meetings](/microsoftteams/watermark-meeting-content-video).
```
